Update README.md (#53)
jobcloud/php-kafka-lib: README.md

## Requirements
- php: ^7.3
- ext-rdkafka: >=4.0.0

> - librdkafka: >=1.0.0 (might work with `0.11.6` if you overload the default error callback

Author: ```suggestion
- librdkafka: >=0.11.6 (if you use `<librdkafka:1.x` please define your own error callback)
```
